README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website

This is a portfolio website built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It showcases your skills, projects, and achievements in an elegant and responsive design.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/judygab/nextjs-portfolio.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd portfolio-website`
3. Install the dependencies: `npm install`

## Usage

1. Start the development server: `npm run dev`
2. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to view the website.

## Dependencies

The following dependencies are required for this project:

- Next.js: A React framework for server-side rendering and static site generation.
- Tailwind CSS: A highly customizable CSS framework.
- React: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- React Icons: A collection of popular icons for React projects.
- TypeScript: A typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.
- Resend: Resend is the email API for developers.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the terms of the 234423license.234242342423234test testest  001 003 004

0920 1706  第一次  重新提交

Commit message:

docs: update README with project setup instructions

README.md, after:

功能验证
# Portfolio Website

This is a portfolio website built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It showcases your skills, projects, and achievements in an elegant and responsive design.

## Installation
ive design.
ive design.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/judygab/nextjs-portfolio.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd portfolio-website`
3. Install the dependencies: `npm install`

## Installation

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/judygab/nextjs-portfolio.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd portfolio-website`
3. Install the dependencies: `npm install`

## Usage

1. Start the development server: `npm run dev`
2. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to view the website.

## Dependencies

The following dependencies are required for this project:

- Next.js: A React framework for server-side rendering and static site generation.
- Tailwind CSS: A highly customizable CSS framework.
- React: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- React Icons: A collection of popular icons for React projects.
- TypeScript: A typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.
- Resend: Resend is the email API for developers.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code as per the terms of the 234423license.234242342423234test testest  001 003 004

0920 1706  第一次  重新提交
